***
**bride and groom**新郎新娘
Groom
1. N.马夫
2. V.
给动物冲洗 to groom a horse
给动物梳毛 a female ape grooming her mate
新郎：groom = bridegroom
***
It's widely rumored that she' getting promoted.到处都在传要提拔她了。
***
**rug** 小地毯n.
***
**establish** 建立；
1. He has just set up his own business but it will take him a while to get established. 站稳脚跟
2. 证实（to discover or prove the facts of situation)
  - Police are still trying to establish the cause of the accident.
  - They have established his injuries were caused by a fall.
***
**render** (vt.)
1. cause sb/sth to be sth
  - to render sth useless/ineffective/harmless
  - Hundreds of people were render homeless by the earthquake.
2. (formal) to give sb sth, especially in return for sth or because it is expected
  - Tom had a chance to render some service to his country.
  - They render assistance to the disaster victims.
  - It was payment for services (that was) rendered.
3. (formal)提交(to present sth, especially when it is done officially)
  - The committee was asked to render a report on housing situation.
4. (formal) to express or perform sth 
  - The artist has rendered the stormy sea（波涛汹涌的大海）in dark greens and browns.
5. translate
  - The Italian phrase can be rendered as 'I did my best'.
  - It' s a concept that is difficult to render into English.
6. (BrE)给墙粉刷
7. **~ sth down** to make fat liquid by heating it ; to melt sth
***
**sequence**
1. Cn. 一系列
  - a sequence of unlucky events
2. Cn&Un顺序
  - in ascending sequence 按升序排序
  - in sequence of
3. 一组镜头Cn
***
**object**


A. |ˈɒbdʒɪkt|noun
